All right welcome back to this.
And so we got a lot of stuff set up already we got control those we are or links or pages that you know
our routes.
So it's tough for us to start bringing in data from the database or creating in a new table.
All right.
So we don't even have a model for this we need a model for a post.
We we need a migration.
We need to set up a couple of things.
All right let's start with the migration and the model.
So let's go BHB areason Let's do that and then we're going to say make model.
We're going to call it post your name for Migration.
Great.
Synchronizes little baby right here synchronizes baby.
And let's go to database for a quick migration.
There we go we've got the migration.
All right.
So let's set this up for us.
Then we worry about relationship or any other anything else.
So the user is going to have many different posts.
For that we need to have the user id in this table.
So enter your user ID.
OK.
That's right in as a matter of fact let's make it on sign as well as let's do that on on site and only
positive numbers.
Oops.
What mess was that about.
All right cool what else are we going to have.
We're going to have categories right.
So let's create one there.
As a matter of fact
let's create categories here
category.
What else we get our photo IDs ray photos.
So this post is going to be loaded with a lot of things.
All right.
So all right what else let's do.
Whoops.
Tidal
waves.
And let's name this.
Let's do a tets and let's name this let's think about it for men let's name this body.
All right.
OK.
What do you have to think about it too much.
All right.
Choose me that it's beautiful.
So I'm going to show you a quick trick trick here where we if we delete a user we want also one to lead
the polls as well.
So if we do that we need to create some type of constraint.
But we're going to do the lead on the right.
I want to show you how to create a constraint Basically way of allowable marae.
So every time we delete a user automatically is going to delete the relationship that's going to be
pretty awesome for you to understand what we're going to do that later right.
Because right now we don't have any pools for users.
All right.
So we have to create that relationship later.
All right so we have the migration here.
We can go ahead and migrate this.
So it is going to be Orison Ortiz and I agree.
Let's double check this real quick to see if everything is good.
User ID category ID.
Everything looks OK.
There we go migrating.
All right we can check the database for it and refresh.
All right so refreshing is taking a little bit I don't know what's going on with my
computer.
As you can see all of this is in there.
All right.
Pretty cool stuff.
So on the next election we're going to continue with his take here